---
layout: post
title:  "Tourist Destinations"
date:   2017-06-24 09:00:00
isStaticPost: false
---

New York has a practically infinite number of things to do and see.  If you picked one a day you would never finish -- New York is creating more things to do and see every day.  For example, The National Restaurant Association estimates there are over 46,000 restaurants in the city, and more than 24,000 in Manhattan alone!

Some tips:

* Don’t drive a car.
* Plan ahead to see something you don’t want to miss
* Don’t plan ahead to see something you weren’t looking for but you will remember forever.
* Eat somewhere different every meal.  You won’t make much of a dent in the 46,000 restaurants, but it’s fun to try
* Tourists attract crowds of tourists.  Mix touristy things with non-touristy things

Popular tourist destinations:

* The UN
* The New York Public Library
* Trump Tower (seriously, it’s a tourist attraction)
* The Apple Store.  You know, “the” Apple Store, the one in the glass box. Under renovation.
* Broadway, and Broadway shows
* The Statue of Liberty
* Central Park
* New York Stock Exchange
* The New York Times
* The Plaza Hotel
* Ellis Island
* Brooklyn Bridge
* St. Patrick’s Cathedral
* Carnegie Hall
* Radio City Music Hall
* Times Square
* Rockefeller Center
* Madison Square Garden
* Bryant Park
* Yankee Stadium
* One World Trade Center
* Brooklyn Botanical Garden
* The Bronx Zoo -- largest metropolitan zoo in the US
* Empire State Building
* Coney Island
* Apollo Theater
* [The Strand](http://www.strandbooks.com/) (enormous book store)
* [The High Line](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Line) -- 1.4 mile linear park on abandoned elevated train right of way
* Charging Bull and Little Girl
* Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts
* Tiffanys
* US News [27 Best Things to do in NYC](http://travel.usnews.com/New_York_NY/Things_To_Do/)
